OSDOCS-1006 Bring forward necessary managing images content (#21711)
openshift/openshift-docs: openshift_images/triggering-updates-on-imagestream-changes.adoc

[id="triggering-updates-on-imagestream-changes"]
= Triggering updates on image stream changes
include::modules/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: triggering-updates-on-imagestream-changes

toc::[]

> When an image stream tag is updated to point to a new image, {product-title} can automatically take action to roll the new image out to resources that were using the old image. This is configured in different ways depending on the type of resource that is referencing the image stream tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an image stream tag is updated to point to a new image, {product-title} can automatically take action to roll the new image out to resources that were using the old image. You configure this behavior in different ways depending on the type of resource that references the image stream tag.
```
